---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtruth_access_grant Resource - terraform-provider-cloudtruth"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A grant which assigns an access role to a principal (a user or group) for a specific environment
  or project. In order to use access grants, you must have a CloudTruth Business Subscription. To assign viewer,
  contributor or admin level access grants to users and groups, you must create an owner grant specifying at least one
  interactive user as the grant owner first. After that you can create additional grants with non-owner roles to other
  users and groups.
  Your provider API key must have organization OWNER or ADMIN access to create, update and delete access grants.
---

# cloudtruth_access_grant (Resource)

A grant which assigns an access role to a principal (a user or group) for a specific environment
or project. In order to use access grants, you must have a CloudTruth Business Subscription. To assign viewer,
contributor or admin level access grants to users and groups, you must create an owner grant specifying at least one
interactive user as the grant owner first. After that you can create additional grants with non-owner roles to other
users and groups.

Your provider API key must have organization OWNER or ADMIN access to create, update and delete access grants.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role` (String) The grant role: one of OWNER, ADMIN, CONTRIB, VIEWER. You must create an owner access
grant to the target resource before creating any non-owner grants. If you are creating owner and non-owner grants at
the same time, use the 'depends_on' directive (with the non-owner grant depending on the owner grant) to ensure that the
non-owner grant(s) the owner grant is created before the non-owner grant(s) is created.

### Optional

- `environment` (String) The target environment to which the role will provide access, mutually exclusive with 'project'
- `group` (String) The group which will be granted the role, mutually exclusive with 'user'
- `project` (String) The target project to which the role will provide access, mutually exclusive with 'environment'
- `user` (String) The display name or email of the user who will be granted the role, mutually exclusive with 'group'.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `principal_id` (String) The internal ID of the user or group granted the role


