---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtruth_parameter Resource - terraform-provider-cloudtruth"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A CloudTruth Parameter and environment specific value (defaulting to the 'default' environment)
---

# cloudtruth_parameter (Resource)

A CloudTruth Parameter and environment specific value (defaulting to the 'default' environment)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the CloudTruth Parameter, unique per project

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the CloudTruth Parameter
- `max` (String) A rule constraint: the maximum value for integer types, the maximum length for string types.
This value is specified as a string because we need a reliable way to distinguish between default/zero values and unset values.  We use
the empty string value for that purpose.
- `min` (String) A rule constraint: the minimum value for integer types, the minimum length for string types.
This value is specified as a string because we need a reliable way to distinguish between default/zero values and unset values.  We use
the empty string value for that purpose.
- `project` (String) The CloudTruth project where the Parameter is defined.
- `regex` (String) A CloudTruth rule constraint: the regular expression a string type must match, only valid with string types
- `secret` (Boolean) Whether or not the Parameter is a secret, defaults to false (non-secret).
- `type` (String) The parameter type, can be a builtin (string|int|boolean) or another custom type, defaults to string.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `max_id` (String) The internal ID of the max rule
- `min_id` (String) The internal ID of the min rule
- `regex_id` (String) The internal ID of the regex rule

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform init
terraform import cloudtruth_parameter.example PROJECT_NAME.PARAMETER_ID
```
